Redirect to diffusers pipe in docs for experimental features (#46875)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/diffusion_gemma.md

Despite it being a text diffusion model and having a custom generation loop, most of the interface is shared with other models that can generate text with [`DiffusionGemmaGenerationMixin.generate`]. If you're using another `transformers` model in your app, you should be able to directly replace it with this model.

> [!NOTE]

> > DiffusionGemma is available in both `transformers` and `diffusers`. We recommend using `diffusers` for all new features, as it is the primary home for this model and provides the full set of scheduling options and pipeline utilities. See the [pipeline docs](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/en/api/pipelines/diffusion_gemma) for usage examples. The `transformers` implementation is maintained for backward compatibility only. We will continue to fix bugs, but new features (such as additional schedulers, stopping criteria, or sampling strategies) will be added exclusively to `diffusers`. If you would like to experiment with different schedulers or have a feature request, please open an issue in [`diffusers`](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> DiffusionGemma is available in both Transformers and Diffusers, but Diffusers is its primary home. Diffusers has the full set of scheduling options, pipeline utilities, and new features (additional schedulers, stopping criteria, sampling strategies) are only added there. See the [DiffusionGemma](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/api/pipelines/diffusion_gemma) for usage examples, and open an [issue](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues) on Diffusers to experiment with different schedulers or request a feature. The Transformers implementation only receives bug fixes but no new features.
```
